##FORWARD COMMANDS##
FORWARD
Move your character forward one square. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "forward 3". See also; Advance, Frontward, Ahead, Onward.
ADVANCE
Move your character forward one square. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "advance 3". See also; Forward, Frontward, Ahead, Onward.
FRONTWARD
Move your character forward one square. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "frontward 3". See also; Advance, Forward, Ahead, Onward.
AHEAD
Move your character forward one square. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "ahead 3". See also; Advance, Frontward, Forward, Onward.
ONWARD
Move your character forward one square. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "onward 3". See also; Advance, Frontward, Ahead, Forward.

##LEFT COMMANDS##
LEFT
Your character turns left then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "left 3". See also; Leftfield, Leftover.
LEFTFIELD
Your character turns left then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "leftfield 3". See also; Left, Leftover.
Leftover
Your character turns left then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "leftover 3". See also; Leftfield, Left.

##RIGHT COMMANDS##
RIGHT
Your character turns right then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "right 3". See also; Rightfield, Rightover.
RIGHTFIELD
Your character turns right then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "rightfield 3". See also; Right, Rightover.
RIGHTOVER
Your character turns right then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "rightover 3". See also; Rightfield, Right.

##BACK COMMANDS##
BACK
Your character turns around then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "back 3". See also; Turnaround, Opposite, Backward, Reverse.
TURNAROUND
Your character turns around then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "turnaround 3". See also; Back, Opposite, Backward, Reverse.
OPPOSITE
Your character turns around then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "opposite 3". See also; Turnaround, Back, Backward, Reverse.
BACKWARD
Your character turns around then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "backward 3". See also; Turnaround, Opposite, Back, Reverse.
REVERSE
Your character turns around then moves one square forward. Use with a number to move more than one square, i.e. "reverse 3". See also; Turnaround, Opposite, Backward, Back.

##TURN COMMANDS##
TURN
Turn you character around to Left, Right or Back. Will not move you to a different block. See also; Spin, Whirl, Twist.
SPIN
Turn you character around to Left, Right or Back. Will not move you to a different block. See also; Turn, Whirl, Twist.
WHIRL
Turn you character around to Left, Right or Back. Will not move you to a different block. See also; Spin, Turn, Twist.
TWIST
Turn you character around to Left, Right or Back. Will not move you to a different block. See also; Spin, Whirl, Turn.

##GET COMMANDS##
GET
This will make you take the object in front of you, if possible, and move you to the block the object is at. See also; Take, Grab, Snag, Fetch.
TAKE
This will make you take the object in front of you, if possible, and move you to the block the object is at. See also; Get, Grab, Snag, Fetch.
GRAB
This will make you take the object in front of you, if possible, and move you to the block the object is at. See also; Take, Get, Snag, Fetch.
SNAG
This will make you take the object in front of you, if possible, and move you to the block the object is at. See also; Take, Grab, Get, Fetch.
FETCH
This will make you take the object in front of you, if possible, and move you to the block the object is at. See also; Take, Grab, Snag, Get.

##PUSH COMMANDS##
PUSH
Will attempt to push the object, or parts of the object, in front of you. See also; Press, Shove, Nudge.
PRESS
Will attempt to push the object, or parts of the object, in front of you. See also; Push, Shove, Nudge.
SHOVE
Will attempt to push the object, or parts of the object, in front of you. See also; Press, Push, Nudge.
NUDGE
Will attempt to push the object, or parts of the object, in front of you. See also; Press, Shove, Push.

##ATTACK COMMANDS##
ATTACK
Attack what is right in front of you. 

##LIGHT COMMANDS##
LIGHT
This will light up, or refresh a flame, right in front of you. See also; Ignite, Brighten, Illuminate.
IGNITE
This will light up, or refresh a flame, right in front of you. See also; Light, Brighten, Illuminate.
BRIGHTEN
This will light up, or refresh a flame, right in front of you. See also; Ignite, Light, Illuminate.
ILLUMINATE
This will light up, or refresh a flame, right in front of you. See also; Ignite, Brighten, Light.

##OPEN COMMANDS##
OPEN
Attempts to open the item in front of you. See also; Unlock, Unseal, Unfasten.
UNLOCK
Attempts to open the item in front of you. See also; Open, Unseal, Unfasten.
UNSEAL
Attempts to open the item in front of you. See also; Unlock, Open, Unfasten.
UNFASTEN
Attempts to open the item in front of you. See also; Unlock, Unseal, Open.

##OTHER COMMANDS##
ALIAS
Create an alias for a command. I.e. "alias f forward" will enable you to use f instead of forward. Note that you can't create two aliases with the same name. See also; Unalias.

UNALIAS
Remove a previously saved alias, i.e. "unalias f" will remove the saved alias f.

LIST
Shows a list of something. This can be "list alias" to see a list of aliases you have created, or "list commands" to list all the valid commands.

EXAMINE
Examines what is right in front, up to 4 meters ahead. If it is an enemy, it will be judging how strong he is.

HELP
Take a wild stab at what it does.

STATS
Will show a list over what your stats are currently.

CANCEL
Cancels the last command saved by removing it from the command list and freeing up a slot for a new command.

ENTER
Enters whatever is in front of you.

##COMBAT COMMANDS##
SLASH
Slash your weapon downwards towards your foe, attempting to cut him open.

THRUST
Thrust your weapon towards your foe, attempting to stab him in the stomach.

SHIELDBLOCK
Raises your shield to block incoming attacks.

SLAM
Slams your shield into your foe, stunning him briefly.